setup nvidia gpu operator and enable time-slicing sharing (#30)
llm-operator/llm-operator: docs/developments/nvidia-gpu-operator-kind.md

# Enable time slicing in a Kind Cluster with Nvidia GPU Operator

## Overview

This document describes the steps to install Nvidia GPU operator in a KIND cluster and enable time-slicing GPU sharing in the cluster.

## Procedure

### Step 1. Setup KIND cluster with Nvidia GPU

> Follow [the instruction](https://github.com/llm-operator/llm-operator/blob/main/docs/developments/build_kind_cluster_with_gpu.md) to setup a KIND cluster with Nvidia GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [the instruction](https://github.com/llm-operator/llm-operator/blob/main/docs/developments/build_kind_cluster_with_gpu.md) to set up a KIND cluster with Nvidia GPU.
```
